docs/contributing.md, before:

# Contributing
Please do! Possible improvements:

- Improve test runner
  + Run tests in a requester file from command line, so that they can be integrated into an arbitrary test suite
  + Alternatively, create command to export requests and assertions in requester file to a runnable Python test script
  + Better syntax highlighting for test run results view
- Import from and export to common request formats (HTTP, cURL, etc)
- Generate API documentation from JSON Schema
- Create tutorial videos showing Requester in action
- Better test coverage
  + Error messages
  + Proper parsing of env block and env files
  + Activity indicators
  + Syntax files
  + Test runner
  + Request history
  + File downloads


## How Does It Work?
The core API is defined in modules under the `core` directory. The main class is `RequestCommandMixin`.

This mixin is the motor for parsing an env, executing requests in parallel in the context of this env, invoking activity indicator methods, and invoking response handling methods. These methods can be overridden to control the behavior of classes that inherit from this mixin. It must be mixed in to classes that also inherit from `sublime_plugin.TextCommand`.

The mixin uses the `ResponseThreadPool` class, which wraps a thread pool to execute requests in parallel. Default concurrency is determined by the mixin's `MAX_WORKERS` class property. The thread pool is inspected at regular intervals to remove completed responses and handle them, and show activity for pending requests.

Command classes that use this mixin should override `handle_response` and/or `handle_responses`. This way they can handle responses one at a time as they are completed, or as a group when they're all finished. Each response object contains the parsed `request` string, the `response` (a __requests.Response__ object), an `error` string, and an `ordering`. Responses are sorted by request parsing order before they are passed to `handle_responses`.

Command classes __must__ also override `get_requests`, which must return a list of request strings parsed from the current view. To simplify this, `core` has a `parsers` module. The important parser is `parse_requests`. It takes a string, such as a selection from a view, and returns a list of all requests in the string.


### Writing a New Command Class
If you want to write a new command class for Requester, check out how `RequesterCommand` works; it simply uses the mixin and overrides `get_requests` and `handle_response`.

If you want a better understanding of the details, dive into `core` directory. This is where the heavy lifting is done.


## Python Linting and Code Style
Uses __flake8__. First, install __flake8__ with `pip3 install flake8`.

Read how set up pre-commit hook [here](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/user/using-hooks.html), or just keep reading.

Run `flake8 --install-hook git`, and check that `.git/hooks/pre-commit` was created. Then run `git config --bool flake8.strict true`, and check that this worked by running `git config --get --bool flake8.strict`. It should return __true__.

You will now be unable to commit anything that doesn't pass __flake8__ validation.

All classes and methods should have docstrings, limited to 82 characters per line. Except for `run` and `__init__`. Feel free to add comments for anything that's not obvious.


## Tests
Install __UnitTesting__ via Package Control. Read more about [UnitTesting](https://github.com/randy3k/UnitTesting-example). Also, make sure you've cloned the Requester repo into your __Packages__ directory.

Run tests before committing changes. Look for __UnitTesting__ in the command palette, hit enter, and enter `Requester`. Or, if you've created a project for Requester, run __UnitTesting: Test Current Project__.

Many tests for Requester are asynchronous, because they depend on responses coming back before examining response tabs. This means tests may fail simply because a response wasn't returned on time. This is a false positive, just run the tests again.

This is also why I'm reluctant to use something like Travis, because the build may fail even when nothing is wrong with the package.

Commit message:

Requester conveniently adds http scheme to URLs with no scheme

docs/contributing.md, after:

# Contributing
Please do! Possible improvements:

- Export requests and assertions in requester file to a runnable Python test script
- Import from and export to common formats
  + cURL
  + HTTPie
- Better test coverage
  + Error messages
  + Proper parsing of env block and env files
  + Activity indicators
  + Syntax files
  + Test runner
  + Request history
  + File downloads
  + Benchmarking tool
- Create tutorial videos showing Requester in action


## How Does It Work?
The core API is defined in modules under the `core` directory. The main class is `RequestCommandMixin`.

This mixin is the motor for parsing an env, executing requests in parallel in the context of this env, invoking activity indicator methods, and invoking response handling methods. These methods can be overridden to control the behavior of classes that inherit from this mixin. It must be mixed in to classes that also inherit from `sublime_plugin.TextCommand`.

The mixin uses the `ResponseThreadPool` class, which wraps a thread pool to execute requests in parallel. Default concurrency is determined by the mixin's `MAX_WORKERS` class property. The thread pool is inspected at regular intervals to remove completed responses and handle them, and show activity for pending requests.

Command classes that use this mixin should override `handle_response` and/or `handle_responses`. This way they can handle responses one at a time as they are completed, or as a group when they're all finished. Each response object contains a `request` namedtuple with a bunch of useful properties, the `response` (a __requests.Response__ object), and an `error` string. Responses are sorted by request parsing order before they are passed to `handle_responses`.

Command classes __must__ also override `get_requests`, which must return a list of request strings, for example strings parsed from the current view. To simplify this, `core` has a `parsers` module. The important parser is `parse_requests`. It takes a string, such as a selection from a view, and returns a list of all requests in the string.


### Writing a New Command Class
If you want to write a new command class for Requester, check out how `RequesterCommand` works; it simply uses the mixin and overrides `get_requests` and `handle_response`.

If you want a better understanding of the details, dive into `core` directory. This is where the heavy lifting is done.


## Python Linting and Code Style
Uses __flake8__. First, install __flake8__ with `pip3 install flake8`.

Read how set up pre-commit hook [here](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/user/using-hooks.html), or just keep reading.

Run `flake8 --install-hook git`, and check that `.git/hooks/pre-commit` was created. Then run `git config --bool flake8.strict true`, and check that this worked by running `git config --get --bool flake8.strict`. It should return __true__.

You will now be unable to commit anything that doesn't pass __flake8__ validation.

All classes and methods should have docstrings, limited to 82 characters per line. Except for `run` and `__init__`. Feel free to add comments for anything that's not obvious.


## Tests
Install __UnitTesting__ via Package Control. Read more about [UnitTesting](https://github.com/randy3k/UnitTesting-example). Also, make sure you've cloned the Requester repo into your __Packages__ directory.

Run tests before committing changes. Look for __UnitTesting__ in the command palette, hit enter, and enter `Requester`. Or, if you've created a project for Requester, run __UnitTesting: Test Current Project__.

Many tests for Requester are asynchronous, because they depend on responses coming back before examining response tabs. This means tests may fail simply because a response wasn't returned on time. This is a false positive, just run the tests again.

This is also why I'm reluctant to use something like Travis, because the build may fail even when nothing is wrong with the package.
