docs/_content/toc.md, before:

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  + [Jump to Request](#jump-to-request)
  + [Multiline Requests](#multiline-requests)
  + [JSON Response Formatting](#json-response-formatting)
  + [Ergonomic GET Requests](#ergonomic-get-requests)
  + [Pinned Response Tabs](#pinned-response-tabs)
  + [Custom Tab Name](#custom-tab-name)
  + [Save Request Back To Requester File](#save-request-back-to-requester-file)
  + [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Advanced Features](#advanced-features)
  + [Separate Env File](#separate-env-file)
    * [Merging Vars from Env Block and Env File](#merging-vars-from-env-block-and-env-file)
  + [Request Body, Query Params, Custom Headers, Cookies](#request-body-query-params-custom-headers-cookies)
  + [Sessions](#sessions)
  + [Authentication](#authentication)
    * [OAuth1 and OAuth2](#oauth1-and-oauth2)
  + [Forms and File Uploads](#forms-and-file-uploads)
  + [Downloads](#downloads)
    * [Downloaded File Name](#downloaded-file-name)
  + [Cancel Outstanding Requests](#cancel-outstanding-requests)
  + [Chaining Requests](#chaining-requests)
    * [Chaining by Reference](#chaining-by-reference)
- [Navigation and History](#navigation-and-history)
  + [Requester File Navigation (.pyr extension)](#requester-file-navigation-pyr-extension)
  + [Request History](#request-history)
    * [Page Through Past Requests](#page-through-past-requests)
    * [Delete Requests From History](#delete-requests-from-history)
    * [Moving Your Requester File](#moving-your-requester-file)
  + [Explore Hyperlinked APIs (HATEOAS)](#explore-hyperlinked-apis-hateoas)
  + [Options Requests](#options-requests)
- [GraphQL](#graphql)
  + [Browsing GraphQL APIs: Autocomplete and Linting](#browsing-graphql-apis-autocomplete-and-linting)
- [Import Any Python Package with Requester](#import-any-python-package-with-requester)
  + [Pip3 Quickstart](#pip3-quickstart)
  + [Cookies Interceptor](#cookies-interceptor)
- [Test Runner](#test-runner)
  + [Custom Validation Functions](#custom-validation-functions)
  + [Making Assertions About Response Structure](#making-assertions-about-response-structure)
  + [Export Tests to Runnable Script](#export-tests-to-runnable-script)
- [Benchmarking Tool](#benchmarking-tool)
- [Export/Import with cURL, HTTPie](#exportimport-with-curl-httpie)
  + [Debugging/Exploring Network Activity](#debuggingexploring-network-activity)
- [Special Keyword Arguments](#special-keyword-arguments)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Response Tab Commands](#response-tab-commands)
- [Settings](#settings)
- [Contributing and Tests](#contributing-and-tests)
- [Inspired By](#inspired-by)
- [Requests](#requests)

Commit message:

Updates README with env vars info and RequesterUrlOptionsCommand

docs/_content/toc.md, after:

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  + [Jump to Request](#jump-to-request)
  + [Multiline Requests](#multiline-requests)
  + [JSON Response Formatting](#json-response-formatting)
  + [Ergonomic GET Requests](#ergonomic-get-requests)
  + [Pinned Response Tabs](#pinned-response-tabs)
  + [Custom Tab Name](#custom-tab-name)
  + [Save Request Back To Requester File](#save-request-back-to-requester-file)
  + [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Advanced Features](#advanced-features)
  + [Request Body, Query Params, Custom Headers, Cookies](#request-body-query-params-custom-headers-cookies)
  + [Sessions](#sessions)
  + [Authentication](#authentication)
    * [OAuth1 and OAuth2](#oauth1-and-oauth2)
  + [Forms and File Uploads](#forms-and-file-uploads)
  + [Downloads](#downloads)
    * [Downloaded File Name](#downloaded-file-name)
  + [Cancel Outstanding Requests](#cancel-outstanding-requests)
  + [Chaining Requests](#chaining-requests)
    * [Chaining by Reference](#chaining-by-reference)
- [Navigation and History](#navigation-and-history)
  + [Requester File Navigation (.pyr extension)](#requester-file-navigation-pyr-extension)
  + [Request History](#request-history)
    * [Page Through Past Requests](#page-through-past-requests)
    * [Delete Requests From History](#delete-requests-from-history)
    * [Moving Your Requester File](#moving-your-requester-file)
  + [Explore Hyperlinked APIs (HATEOAS)](#explore-hyperlinked-apis-hateoas)
  + [Options Requests](#options-requests)
- [More on Env Vars](#more-on-env-vars)
  + [Separate Env File](#separate-env-file)
    * [Merging Vars from Env Block and Env File](#merging-vars-from-env-block-and-env-file)
  + [How Env Vars are Parsed](#how-env-vars-are-parsed)
  + [Import Any Python Package In Requester Env](#import-any-python-package-in-requester-env)
    * [Pip3 Quickstart](#pip3-quickstart)
    * [Cookies Interceptor](#cookies-interceptor)
- [GraphQL](#graphql)
  + [Browsing GraphQL APIs: Autocomplete and Linting](#browsing-graphql-apis-autocomplete-and-linting)
- [Test Runner](#test-runner)
  + [Custom Validation Functions](#custom-validation-functions)
  + [Making Assertions About Response Structure](#making-assertions-about-response-structure)
  + [Export Tests to Runnable Script](#export-tests-to-runnable-script)
- [Benchmarking Tool](#benchmarking-tool)
- [Export/Import with cURL, HTTPie](#exportimport-with-curl-httpie)
  + [Debugging/Exploring Network Activity](#debuggingexploring-network-activity)
- [Special Keyword Arguments](#special-keyword-arguments)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Response Tab Commands](#response-tab-commands)
- [Settings](#settings)
- [Contributing and Tests](#contributing-and-tests)
- [Inspired By](#inspired-by)
- [Requests](#requests)
